hello fish free food and welcome to
another episode of Uyuni we started this
episode on the hundred forty eight
thousand coins i believe is and we're
going to start trading the in with gold
BPL players we've got a few informed
Cleverly's here and we get in that so
closer wayne rooney now is normal
learning and training to we're getting
really close to amis about well I'll
show an episode how much cost I can't
quite remember but these clever leaves
picked up as a sentiment hyster fault
was a CDM so that's what bumping their
parts up a little bit to Balotelli's
here I think now both on my buy it now
because yeah they'll both on by now for
35,000 get a couple of thousand off each
of them after tax so come up here on
fifty two thousand coins because I've
already got my next set of trades but
this next method I'm using this
absolutely fantastic laminar absolute
dream training with these I like I said
at the end of this series I'll be
showing you all my trader methods but
I've got an idea once this weird weenie
ends which I'll tell you at the end of
this video so next epic trades here
we've got a Balotelli for thirty five
thousand coins again on the buy it now
setting on five files and coins i bought
quite a few sets in Young's Valencia
49.1 k listening for Taylor half anger
4000 a lot of these on my bike now as
i'm searching the players price
sometimes you get one bite now and get a
good deal like on a sesame oil there i
believe was on my bike now as well so
it's like styles and colors prophet adam
belly is a scent amid md's default is a
set my attacker mid and I do space out
and when I list the same cars like I had
like four settings that it lists them
all at once because if you're scanning
food would be pale market you see like
five sets and Young's in a row you're
normally just skip past them you just
think they're like overpriced like yeah
I normally would just skip past or
anyway so I space them out in between
leave about 15 seconds in between each
one so I 166,000 coins now getting ever
so close to that Wayne Rooney now oh you
see everything sold pretty much first
time round it took me like an hour and a
half to sell of think so it's really not
too bad and quite happy with that these
BPO gold players are set in a lot
quicker because a lot of people want to
make BPL gold teams so this I was
waiting to any cost I have covered up by
our amount of coins because I'm ahead
the videos so Wayne Rooney is about 178
files and close there as a
centre-forward I will probably get them
in a 4312 am I I do for when this series
has ended its do a trade into a full
Manchester United squad I think it could
be very enjoyable getting I pledge my
Vidic a few expensive players so tell me
what you think about that a full Man
United squad and tell you think about
that in the comments if this could get
to 50 likes I would appreciate that so
much it just shows that you appreciate
the amount of effort I put into these
videos so thank you all for watching
I'll see you next time bye